so here's the scoop you're not even born
yet
but your parents already know what
you're going to look like
in the year 3021 dna tech is so advanced
they can basically pre-program a person
eye color hair
face and no shape lips finger length
body structure
it's as simple as selecting from a drop
down menu
kind of like creating your own character
in an rpg
everyone looks great no more diets no
more gems
and a healthy body for everyone all it
takes is a little gene modification
and a special liquid full of a couple of
million nanobots
bioengineering and med tech allow people
to change their bodies and minds
whenever
they want improved hearing done now you
can hear a fly rub its paws together
from the other side of the room
not that you'd want to nano robots can
turn your eyes into binoculars with a
hundred times zoom
from your 160th floor apartment you can
read the nutrition info
on that wrapper lying on the ground
you've got to get a life pal
want to fall out of a window and land
unharmed
nano robots can make it happen millions
of tiny robots can be sent to cover your
bones and muscles
if you want to lift a car with one hand
superheroes aren't really a big thing
anymore
anyone can get super powers in 30 21.
and say goodbye to spending years
learning a new profession
you don't need to go to college to find
a good job just download all the skills
and knowledge you need
medical nano robots can get into your
brain and improve your
mood you can become joyful angry
funny sad all in a matter of seconds
the physical brain isn't a mystery
anymore nor
is the subconscious mind that means no
more psychologists or psychiatrists
and solving your personal problems easy
you have special lenses built into your
eyes linked to ai
you can see an analysis of your mind and
ai
will even suggest a strategy for
improving it
not getting enough vitamin c you'll get
a notification
need more protein notification need
you'll get it it's awesome amazingly
nano robots open access to your memories
watch them like movies any period of
your life any time you want
you can see happy moments in perfect
detail or
permanently delete anything you'd rather
not see anymore
genetic engineering makes it possible to
create not only
modified humans but also animals
scientists bring back
extinct fish birds and mammals you can
even grow your very own pet from scratch
a dog cat small elephant dinosaur
whatever you want and if you don't like
cleaning up a mess
pick up a pet robot that looks and acts
just like a real animal
without all the annoying stuff
in 3021 your body can live for 200 years
but your mind forever you can upload
your brain data to the cloud
your way of thinking habits attitude
character
memories your entire personality can be
coded and uploaded
you can encode your mind now and
download it into a new
modified body say after you hit your
189th birthday
and this new body doesn't need food or
water only
energy in the future no one goes hungry
people travel around the galaxy in style
you can upload your consciousness to a
computer and beam it over to your other
biomechanical body that you had shipped
to another planet
if you've got enough money you can buy
several bodies
and scatter them in different parts of
the galaxy then on your day off
you can teleport your mind to another
planet just to get a bit of peace and
quiet
if you want to unload your consciousness
and download it again in a few hundred
years
you've got a choice to make be in a
hundred year long dream
or spend the time flying around in an
infinite network
you can even put your mind on the
internet and do whatever you want
some people even choose to live inside
the web just
for a year or two matrix anyone
people have learned to change their
surroundings with the help of utility
fogs
imagine a robot the size of a human cell
this robot has several limbs can change
color
temperature and can connect with other
tiny robots
utility fogs are just trillions of these
little guys
they cling to each other and can create
any object you want
or they can turn into a sort of hologram
perfect for video calls
the fog can take on any shape it can be
a cup
a painting a car a bigger robot just not
anything living
but just because it's the future doesn't
mean everyone gets to have fun
this fog tech is crazy expensive
the fogs can create buildings you can
wake up in your beautiful house
go to work and the house gets
automatically folded up
and transformed into a small suitcase
hey there george jetson
you can travel around the galaxy with it
and transform it into any
home you want suddenly feel like having
a bigger kitchen
different furniture a rooftop pool a
slide from your bedroom to the kitchen
and no problem and inside your house
things are way different
you don't have to clean up anymore dust
dirt and grime are all taken care of by
nano robots
you're watching a sad movie crying going
to town on a kleenex
then you just toss the used tissue over
your shoulder
right where it lands your utility fog
turns into a small trash can with wheels
it zips over to the kitchen dumps out
the kleenex and
poof it disappears what about an
after movie snack for centuries pizza
drones have been flying through the
streets
at one point it got a bit ridiculous
there were too many of them
they started crashing into each other
and into passing birds
now you just order a sandwich or pasta
through your special lenses
and the food gets 3d printed
when resources on planet earth began to
run out
people colonized the moon and mars then
the big breakthrough a thermonuclear
engine
capable of trans migra nuclear flabba
flabba
hey let's just call it a teleporting
device
people sent ai robots over to build
cities roads
electrical grids and water filtration
plants then
people began to move there permanently
everyone born on mars or the moon was
different from us
earthlings mars for example gets less
sunlight than earth
so martians have wider pupils that means
if they ever come back to earth
they basically have night vision but
martians
and people on the moon what lunatics
have weaker bones
luckily they have those handy nano
robots to help them
but with these new discoveries come new
risks and dangers
uploading your consciousness can go
horribly wrong
you risk facing virtual viruses that can
imprison you in a virtual cage
many attackers use programs that can
erase your mind
just like a plain old file on your
desktop those nano robots
they can still be defective sometimes
and instead of
upgrading your body yeah not great
moving to other planets is crazy risky
we sometimes have to abandon cities on
mars
because there's suddenly a 300-year long
dust storm
and space travel sorry to tell you never
stops being dangerous
even in 3021 there are loads of forces
in the universe that scientists still
don't understand
say you buy a modified robo body and
send it to a beautiful new martian city
you're on earth and you upload your
consciousness to a computer
and send it on over to the new body the
weather is perfect
the sunsets are epic suddenly a huge
asteroid smashes into your house
these kinds of things happen in thirty
twenty one
the way we live now seems exotic to the
people of the future
to breathe and live in a natural body to
eat natural food
to take a real water shower to learn new
info by reading that stuff freaks them
out
at some point humans learned to travel
through time
but immediately banned the new
technology humanities
living in a utopia apart from the
occasional asteroid ruining that robot
body use saved up for a whole year to
buy
and any change in the past could mean
the end of it
instead of traveling to the past or the
future people create
virtual simulations of their favorite
time periods
the most popular simulations just going
back in time and
living a day as an ordinary person in
powerful quantum computers analyze your
genes
calculate what you would have looked
like and recreate an exact
you ah life was so much simpler
a thousand years ago me i'm going to
1977.
disco the bee gees glitter balls the
golden age of music
for some of us